Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#772)
plotly/dash: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Integration Tests

> We introduced the `dash.testing` feature in [Dash 1.0](https://community.plot.ly/t/announcing-dash-testing/24868). It makes writing an Dash integration test much easier. Please read the [tutorial](http://dash.plot.ly/testing) and contribute your feature code along with a decent integration test if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We introduced the `dash.testing` feature in [Dash 1.0](https://community.plot.ly/t/announcing-dash-testing/24868). It makes writing a Dash integration test much easier. Please read the [tutorial](http://dash.plot.ly/testing) and add relevant integration tests with any new features or bug fixes.
```
